Update README.md (#22)
Patlenlix/CrimeDatabase: README.md

# CrimeDatabase

![repo_size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/Patlenlix/CrimeDatabase)

---

## Java Enterprise | ITHS | JU21

---

> A SpringBoot application handling crimes, criminals and victims which is stored in a MySQL database. Diverse roles have

Reviewer: Diverse -> Different

> A SpringBoot application handling crimes, criminals and victims which is stored in a MySQL database. Diverse roles have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Spring Boot application handling crimes, criminals and victims which is stored in a MySQL database. Different roles have
```

> a different degree of accessibility through the application.

Reviewer: accessibility -> access

> a different degree of accessibility through the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
different degree of access throughout the application.
```
